[feature] - Write docs skeleton and automation (#349)
spylang/spy: docs/src/index.md

> # Welcome to Spylang Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Welcome to SPy Documentation
```

> For spylang website, please go to  [Spylang repository](https://github.com/spylang/spy?tab=readme-ov-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is just a placeholder so far.

Please refer to the [spylang/spy repository](https://github.com/spylang/spy?tab=readme-ov-file).
```
